ilya breathe comedy gaming and more
subscribe hey what's up guys my name is
Ilya breve and today we have a ASM one
best class setup this is really a very
good class and I actually do give you
guys our point game played some just a
bit I played a little bit of the
objective but it's it was such a good
game for us that like I didn't really
need to play the jet the objective
objective so yeah this is actually like
a really stealthy class setup and all
right it's the lead version of the a
someone but I'm sure it's going to work
with the with the normal version or the
sweeper arm so basically we have this
penske here it comes with a witch imma
call it a extended mag right off the bat
so that's pretty awesome and then we got
silencer laser sight really deadly class
setup no secondary none of that of we
got wild card perkone greed perk 3 greed
and primary gun fighter we got
lightweight and we got overcharged um
which is pretty nice gun ho toughness
and we also have blast presser we have
here XO stem for more you know for more
you know health and we also have a UAV
with extra time so that's pretty cool
alright guys we're back we actually are
here with the hardpoint gameplay or to
you know just check out this class and
see how it does so those weaker in this
lobby I didn't really like that so I
muted everybody um so yeah this this say
someone is very good for stealth I just
got killed from the back but yeah it's a
pretty good a stealth class setup God
doesn't have a lot of recoil this one so
that's pretty good uh I actually did
just change my class so so like I was
just like fooling around with classes
for the air someone because it is kind
of a beast now since they upgraded it in
the
match so so like um yeah did you see I
just got a double killed that easy like
it wasn't it wasn't even hard it's it's
like the sound with the suppressor
sounds so cool it's like the you you
guys can hear it like it's so cool it
with the extended mags it gives you 67
in like one clip which is just like what
the heck it's like a it's like a it's
like a lmg but with but with but your
lmg in a you know some machine guns skin
and like it handles like a submachine
gun it's just it's just why would you go
for anything else when you have an LMG
and it's a machine gun um yeah it's a
pretty fast shooting gun so it's not
like you got like the like a really
really long time like you have maybe
like about you say like me seven seconds
of shooting time like non-stop which is
super good um you know that's maybe
maybe it's not like I think I'm just
estimating probably like seven seconds
um maybe that's too long maybe that's
too little i don't know you guys can
find out for yourselves so yeah this is
just drops people it with the silencer
it's still a deadly also with all this
see this is what I'm talking about like
just double kills four days man um oh
yeah so I'm actually prestige three so
I'd be prestige to try to get the
prestige three I don't know if I want to
go to prestige three bed that's good
this guys is like I don't want to ever
lose all the attempt it attachments and
shit vs still I'm gonna go to prestige
three bed uh I was like I said it was
beasting in this game so yeah um now
actually in the game there was a point
where our team was a hundred and the
other team at zero so in the beginning
you could have saw I was actually
playing the objective a lot and
um and then I saw that our team was a
hundred and oh so like so we had a
hundred points in a hard point and the
other team had zero so that kind of just
occurred to me that the team was
probably thinking they were plagued like
team deathmatch or something or they
just really sucked at this game then I
just kind of stopped playing the
objective because I do we work we're
just gonna wait anyways like we're 131
they have 15 like it's it's just a super
funny it's right here almost died like
you see they're like I think they're
really bad players or something because
we literally serious we literally went
hundred at all Seattle's funny so I just
kind of just started rushing around
killing everybody got me got beat by a
UAV a lot which is I think I think extra
time oh by the way in the class setup I
had the UAV which was extra time but you
guys could like customize that however
you want like it doesn't have to be you
guys could do whatever you want with
that UAV it doesn't like have to be
extended time when you know for someone
that like sometimes streaks and subtype
is is it i think that is like pretty
good see ya so i just heard that so yeah
you can see that this is actually a
pretty good class it's just not bad at
all um there's there's a there's you
know everything is good about it oh it's
it's pretty stealthy I haven't tried it
like that super la grange but like SMGs
aren't really supposed to be in super la
grange so I kind of just stay away from
long ranges I'd kind of go to the boat
close up or if you have to be do bridges
it's still gonna it's still gonna do a
lot of work trust me guys you could
probably tell by this gameplay um yeah
so bye